active advertising
OK
I've been doing a very strange one recently
Do you want me to take you to the doctor?
How many times have I been in the hospital this month?
Don't want to tell me about the little master
Then I'll change the recipe for you.
Make some medicated meals to calm the nerves and help you sleep
Thanks.
Wait for me.
Hello
What!
Bai's Group invited me to a dinner to negotiate
Sure.
Wife
What cooperation?
It's a bit late at night
Yes, and it's an invitation from Bai's Group
It's a big one.
When I meet your wife, I will make you the richest man
BEST Inc.
Yeah, sure.
I'm going to take a test.
Can you go blind?
What is Bai Weak messing around with?
Amo
Mr. Bai
What kind of medicine do you sell in the gourd?
No, I just admire the design of the facility.
Let's talk about collaboration.
Your purpose is the rivers and lakes